# CS330
This was a challenging class, but it was also a lot of fun. My final project is included in this repository. In this scene I recreated a picture that was taken in my pool. The scene included water, the sky, the sun, a pool tube, a pool noodle, a ball, and a hat. 
I had to think abstractly to render these objects using and combining primitive objects. This project taught the skills of using OpenGL inside of C++ source code. It was cool to see how the rules of C++ still applied while writing code that was specific to the OpenGL libraries. It took a little bit of thinking to remember that I could do basic C++ coding to assist with my graphics code. For example, adding offset variables to enable moving a complex object made up of several primitive around my scene.
Working with the visual rendering of my scene took iteration to a new level. The temptation to make several changes before running to code and viewing the scene was always present. As the project progressed, I quickly learned to only make a couple changes before looking at the results. This really came into play with lighting. Originally, I added four light sources, and the results were very unexpected. I went back into the code and commented out all but one source and tuned in each individually. Then I brought all four back. Although there was some interaction that had to be tuned in, the result was much closer to what I desired. 
Learning a base in computational graphics is important for anyone going into a computer science field. Even for those not intending to develop graphical interfaces, it is important to know the power and limitations the graphics team might have when applying a face to your application. 
